[DOCU-2365] Konnect Custom plugins (#4044)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/servicehub/plugins.md

---
title: Manage Plugins
no_version: true

> content-type: reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
content_type: reference
```

## Custom plugins

{{site.konnect_saas}} supports the use of custom plugins. You can write new custom plugins using this [template](https://github.com/Kong/kong-plugin) as a guide. Every custom plugin must meet the following requirements: 

* Admin API extensions must not contain an `api.lua` file. 
* Custom plugin database tables must not contain a `dao.lua` file.
* Custom validation functions must be written in Lua and be self-contained within the schema.
* The `schema.lua` file must not contain any calls to the `require()` function. 

> * Plugins that require third-party libraries can be installed within the handler portion of the plugin code once the plugin is installed on the {{site.base_gateway}} data plane.

Author: I edited this for clarification.

## Custom plugins

{{site.konnect_saas}} supports the use of custom plugins. You can write new custom plugins using this [template](https://github.com/Kong/kong-plugin) as a guide. Every custom plugin must meet the following requirements: 

* Admin API extensions must not contain an `api.lua` file. 
* Custom plugin database tables must not contain a `dao.lua` file.

> * Custom function validations:

Reviewer 2: For this bullet and the other bullet with subbullets ("Third-party library dependencies:"), I might combine this into one bullet point like "Custom function validations must be written in Lua and self-contain within the schema." But I'm not sure if you nest bullet points in other parts of the docs.

Author: Great point.

  - Must be written in Lua.
  - Must be self-contained within the schema.
* Third-party library dependencies: 

>   - Plugins that require third-party libraries can be installed within the handler portion of the plugin code once the plugin is installed on the {{site.base_gateway}} data plane.

Reviewer 2: If you go with my suggestion above, this bullet can probably stand on it's own and wouldn't need a revision.

  - The `schema.lua` file must not contain any calls to the `require()` function. 

If your plugin meets these requirements and you want to use it in
{{site.konnect_saas}}, contact [Kong Support](https://support.konghq.com/).

{:.important}

> > Custom plugin can't be added directly though the {{site.konnect_saas}} application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Custom plugins can't be added directly through the {{site.konnect_saas}} application.
```
